Feature/sp 158 (#517)
appcircleio/appcircle-docusaurus: docs/marketplace/jenkins/index.md

---
title: Jenkins Marketplace
description: Appcircle Jenkins plugin allows you to distribute your builds to testers directly pipeline.
tags:
  [
    jenkins-plugin,
    testing-distribution,
    ipa distribution,
    apk distribution,
    binary distribution,
  ]
sidebar_position: 2
---

> Enhance power of distributing the builds to test groups or release beta version of your apps with using **Appcircle Testing Distribution** and **Appcircle Enterprise Store** actions

Reviewer: Enhance the power of distributing builds to test groups or releasing beta versions of your apps by using **Appcircle Testing Distribution** and **Appcircle Enterprise Store** actions.

> Enhance power of distributing the builds to test groups or release beta version of your apps with using **Appcircle Testing Distribution** and **Appcircle Enterprise Store** actions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enhance the power of distributing builds to test groups or releasing beta versions of your apps by using **Appcircle Testing Distribution** and **Appcircle Enterprise Store** actions.
```

### Testing Distribution

It is a process distributing test builds to designated test groups or individuals.

<ContentRef url="/marketplace/jenkins/testing-distribution">

> Read more about Testing Distrbiution

Reviewer: Read more about Testing Distribution

> Read more about Testing Distrbiution

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Read more about Testing Distribution
```
